

License:EUDataGrid - Free Software Directory

















                
		
                




         
         
           
         

		
			
		          
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		     

		
		
		
			
			

			
				From Free Software Directory				
								
					Jump to:					, 					
				
				

Name

EU DataGrid Software License


URL




Comment




EU DataGrid Software License

Copyright (c) 2001 EU DataGrid. All rights reserved.

This software includes voluntary contributions made to the EU
DataGrid. For more information on the EU DataGrid, please see
http://www.eu-datagrid.org/.

Installation, use, reproduction, display, modification and
redistribution of this software, with or without modification, in
source and binary forms, are permitted. Any exercise of rights under
this license by you or your sub-licensees is subject to the following
conditions:

1. Redistributions of this software, with or without modification,
must reproduce the above copyright notice and the above license
statement as well as this list of conditions, in the software, the
user documentation and any other materials provided with the software.

2. The user documentation, if any, included with a redistribution,
must include the following notice: "This product includes software
developed by the EU DataGrid (http://www.eu-datagrid.org/)."

Alternatively, if that is where third-party acknowledgments normally
appear, this acknowledgment must be reproduced in the software itself.

3. The names "EDG", "EDG Toolkit", “EU DataGrid” and "EU DataGrid
Project" may not be used to endorse or promote software, or products
derived therefrom, except with prior written permission by
hep-project-grid-edg-license@cern.ch.

4. You are under no obligation to provide anyone with any bug fixes,
patches, upgrades or other modifications, enhancements or derivatives
of the features,functionality or performance of this software that you
may develop. However, if you publish or distribute your modifications,
enhancements or derivative works without contemporaneously requiring
users to enter into a separate written license agreement, then you are
deemed to have granted participants in the EU DataGrid a worldwide,
non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual license to install, use,
reproduce, display, modify, redistribute and sub-license your
modifications, enhancements or derivative works, whether in binary or
source code form, under the license conditions stated in this list of
conditions.

5. DISCLAIMER 

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE EU DATAGRID AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY,
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE ARE DISCLAIMED. THE EU
DATAGRID AND CONTRIBUTORS MAKE NO REPRESENTATION THAT THE SOFTWARE,
MODIFICATIONS, ENHANCEMENTS OR DERIVATIVE WORKS THEREOF, WILL NOT
INFRINGE ANY PATENT, COPYRIGHT, TRADE SECRET OR OTHER PROPRIETARY
RIGHT.

6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

THE EU DATAGRID AND CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY TO LICENSEE
OR OTHER PERSONS FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES, LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION,
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, ARISING IN ANY
WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 







				Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
				under the terms of the , Version 1.3 or
				any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
				Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.   is included in the page “”.

				The copyright and license notices on this page only apply to the
				text on this page.  Any software or copyright-licenses or other
				similar notices described in this text has its own copyright notice
				and license, which can usually be found in the distribution or license
				text itself. 

				
									
						Retrieved from ""					
				: 				
							
		
		
			
			
									
						
						
													
					
									
										
						
						
													
					
										
												
						
						
							
															
						
					
									
				
										
						
						
													
					
										
						
						
						
							
															
						
					
										
						
						
					
									
			
			


						
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
				
		
				

The FSF is a charity with a worldwide mission to advance software freedom — 


Copyright © 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 .


Licensed under the , version 1.3 or later.



Powered by  and 









			
		
		






	

