

License:Ms-SS - Free Software Directory

















                
		
                




         
         
           
         

		
			
		          
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		     

		
		
		
			
			

			
				From Free Software Directory				
								
					Jump to:					, 					
				
				

Name

Microsoft Shared Source CLI, C#, and Jscript License


URL




Comment

This license does not permit commercial distribution, and only
   allows commercial use under certain circumstances.

   Microsoft has other licenses which it describes as “Shared
   Source”, some of which have different restrictions.



MICROSOFT SHARED SOURCE CLI, C#, AND JSCRIPT LICENSE

This License governs use of the accompanying Software, and your use of
the Software constitutes acceptance of this license.

You may use this Software for any non-commercial purpose, subject to
the restrictions in this license. Some purposes which can be
non-commercial are teaching, academic research, and personal
experimentation. You may also distribute this Software with books or
other teaching materials, or publish the Software on websites, that
are intended to teach the use of the Software.

You may not use or distribute this Software or any derivative works in
any form for commercial purposes. Examples of commercial purposes
would be running business operations, licensing, leasing, or selling
the Software, or distributing the Software for use with commercial
products.

You may modify this Software and distribute the modified Software for
non-commercial purposes, however, you may not grant rights to the
Software or derivative works that are broader than those provided by
this License. For example, you may not distribute modifications of the
Software under terms that would permit commercial use, or under terms
that purport to require the Software or derivative works to be
sublicensed to others.

You may use any information in intangible form that you remember after
accessing the Software. However, this right does not grant you a
license to any of Microsoft's copyrights or patents for anything you
might create using such information.

In return, we simply require that you agree:

1. Not to remove any copyright or other notices from the Software.

2. That if you distribute the Software in source or object form, you
will include a verbatim copy of this license.

3. That if you distribute derivative works of the Software in source
code form you do so only under a license that includes all of the
provisions of this License, and if you distribute derivative works of
the Software solely in object form you do so only under a license that
complies with this License.

4. That if you have modified the Software or created derivative works,
and distribute such modifications or derivative works, you will cause
the modified files to carry prominent notices so that recipients know
that they are not receiving the original Software. Such notices must
state: (i) that you have changed the Software; and (ii) the date of
any changes.

5. THAT THE SOFTWARE COMES "AS IS", WITH NO WARRANTIES. THIS MEANS NO
EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION,
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR
ANY WARRANTY OF TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. ALSO, YOU MUST PASS THIS
DISCLAIMER ON WHENEVER YOU DISTRIBUTE THE SOFTWARE OR DERIVATIVE
WORKS.

6. THAT MICROSOFT WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES RELATED TO THE
SOFTWARE OR THIS LICENSE, INCLUDING DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT THE LAW
PERMITS, NO MATTER WHAT LEGAL THEORY IT IS BASED ON. ALSO, YOU MUST
PASS THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY ON WHENEVER YOU DISTRIBUTE THE
SOFTWARE OR DERIVATIVE WORKS.

7. That if you sue anyone over patents that you think may apply to the
Software or anyone's use of the Software, your license to the Software
ends automatically.

8. That your rights under the License end automatically if you breach
it in any way.

9. Microsoft reserves all rights not expressly granted to you in this license. 







				Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
				under the terms of the , Version 1.3 or
				any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
				Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.   is included in the page “”.

				The copyright and license notices on this page only apply to the
				text on this page.  Any software or copyright-licenses or other
				similar notices described in this text has its own copyright notice
				and license, which can usually be found in the distribution or license
				text itself. 

				
									
						Retrieved from ""					
				: 				
							
		
		
			
			
									
						
						
													
					
									
										
						
						
													
					
										
												
						
						
							
															
						
					
									
				
										
						
						
													
					
										
						
						
						
							
															
						
					
										
						
						
					
									
			
			


						
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
				
		
				

The FSF is a charity with a worldwide mission to advance software freedom — 


Copyright © 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 .


Licensed under the , version 1.3 or later.



Powered by  and 









			
		
		






	

