

License:OpenSSL - Free Software Directory

















                
		
                




         
         
           
         

		
			
		          
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		     

		
		
		
			
			

			
				From Free Software Directory				
								
					Jump to:					, 					
				
				

Name

OpenSSL License


URL




Comment




OpenSSL License

Copyright (c) 1998-2000 The OpenSSL Project. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met:

  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
     the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
     distribution.

  3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this
     software must display the following acknowledgment: This product
     includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in the
     OpenSSL Toolkit. (http://www.openssl.org)

  4. The names "OpenSSL Toolkit" and "OpenSSL Project" must not be
     used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
     without prior written permission. For written permission, please
     contact openssl-core@openssl.org

  5. Products derived from this software may not be called "OpenSSL"
     nor may "OpenSSL" appear in their names without prior written
     permission of the OpenSSL Project.

  6. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following
     acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed by the
     OpenSSL Project for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit
     (http://www.openssl.org)"

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE OpenSSL PROJECT ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR ITS
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This
product includes cryptographic software written by Eric Young
(eay@cryptsoft.com). This product includes software written by Tim
Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).


SSLeay license

Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com) All rights
reserved. This package is an SSL implementation written by Eric Young
(eay@cryptsoft.com). The implementation was written so as to conform
with Netscapes SSL. This library is free for commercial and
non-commercial use as long as the following conditions are aheared
to. The following conditions apply to all code found in this
distribution, be it the RC4, RSA, lhash, DES, etc., code; not just the
SSL code. The SSL documentation included with this distribution is
covered by the same copyright terms except that the holder is Tim
Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).

Copyright remains Eric Young's, and as such any Copyright notices in
the code are not to be removed. If this package is used in a product,
Eric Young should be given attribution as the author of the parts of
the library used. This can be in the form of a textual message at
program startup or in documentation (online or textual) provided with
the package. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with
or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the
   distribution.

3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this
   software must display the following acknowledgement: "This product
   includes cryptographic software written by Eric Young
   (eay@cryptsoft.com)". The word 'cryptographic' can be left out if
   the rouines from the library being used are not cryptographic
   related :-).

4. If you include any Windows specific code (or a derivative thereof)
   from the apps directory (application code) you must include an
   acknowledgement: "This product includes software written by Tim
   Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com)"


THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.The licence and distribution
terms for any publically available version or derivative of this code
cannot be changed. i.e. this code cannot simply be copied and put
under another distribution licence [including the GNU Public Licence. 







				Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
				under the terms of the , Version 1.3 or
				any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
				Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.   is included in the page “”.

				The copyright and license notices on this page only apply to the
				text on this page.  Any software or copyright-licenses or other
				similar notices described in this text has its own copyright notice
				and license, which can usually be found in the distribution or license
				text itself. 

				
									
						Retrieved from ""					
				: 				
							
		
		
			
			
									
						
						
													
					
									
										
						
						
													
					
										
												
						
						
							
															
						
					
									
				
										
						
						
													
					
										
						
						
						
							
															
						
					
										
						
						
					
									
			
			


						
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
				
		
				

The FSF is a charity with a worldwide mission to advance software freedom — 


Copyright © 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 .


Licensed under the , version 1.3 or later.



Powered by  and 









			
		
		






	

