

License:PINE - Free Software Directory

















                
		
                




         
         
           
         

		
			
		          
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		     

		
		
		
			
			

			
				From Free Software Directory				
								
					Jump to:					, 					
				
				

Name

License of PINE


URL




Comment

The license of PINE is not a free software license because it mostly
prohibits the distribution of modified versions. It also restricts the
media that can be used for selling copies.
Please note that a successor to Pine, Alpine, is released under the
Apache License, version 2.0.



Pine License and Legal Notices

Pine and Pico are registered trademarks of the University of
Washington. No commercial use of these trademarks may be made without
prior written permission of the University of Washington.

Pine, Pico, and Pilot software and its included text are Copyright
1989-2008 by the University of Washington.

Use of Pine/Pico/Pilot: You may compile and execute these programs for
any purpose, including commercial, without paying anything to the
University of Washington, provided that the legal notices are
maintained intact and honored.

Local modification of this release is permitted as follows, or by
mutual agreement: In order to reduce confusion and facilitate
debugging, we request that locally modified versions be denoted by
appending the letter "L" to the current version number, and that the
local changes be enumerated in the integral release notes and
associated documentation.

Redistribution of this release is permitted as follows, or by mutual
agreement:

(a) In free-of-charge or at-cost distributions by non-profit concerns;

(b) In free-of-charge distributions by for-profit concerns;

(c) Inclusion in a CD-ROM collection of free-of-charge, shareware, or
    non-proprietary software for which a fee may be charged for the
    packaged distribution.

Redistribution of binary versions is further constrained by license
agreements for incorporated libraries from third parties, e.g. LDAP,
GSSAPI.

The University of Washington encourages unrestricted distribution of
individual patches to the Pine system. By "patches" we mean
"difference" files that can be applied to the University of Washington
Pine source distribution in order to accomplish bug fixes, minor
enhancements, or adaptation to new operating systems. Submission of
these patches to University of Washington for possible inclusion in
future Pine versions is also encouraged, with the understanding that
they would be treated the same as all other Pine code in terms of
licensing and the submission does not include any software which
infringes third party rights.

The above permissions are hereby granted, provided that the Pine and
Pico copyright and trademark notices appear in all copies and that
both the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
supporting documentation, and that the name of the University of
Washington not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to
distribution of the software without specific, prior written
permission, and provided you acknowledge that pursuant to U.S. laws,
Pine, Pico & Pilot software may not be downloaded, acquired or
otherwise exported or re-exported (i) into, or to a national or
resident of any country to which the U.S. has embargoed goods; or (ii)
to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially
Designated Nations or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Denial
Orders.

By downloading the software, you represent that: 1) you are not
located in or under the control of a national or resident of any such
country or on any such list; and 2) you will not export or re-export
the software to any prohibited country, or to any prohibited person,
entity, or end-user as specified by U.S. export controls.

This software is made available "as is", and

THE UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION
ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, AND IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON BE LIABLE
FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR STRICT LIABILITY,
ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS
SOFTWARE.

Other licensing terms are available by mutual agreement.

Please see the Pine FAQ for more information on Pine Legal Issues.
End of Pine License and Legal Notices 







				Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
				under the terms of the , Version 1.3 or
				any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
				Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.   is included in the page “”.

				The copyright and license notices on this page only apply to the
				text on this page.  Any software or copyright-licenses or other
				similar notices described in this text has its own copyright notice
				and license, which can usually be found in the distribution or license
				text itself. 

				
									
						Retrieved from ""					
				: 				
							
		
		
			
			
									
						
						
													
					
									
										
						
						
													
					
										
												
						
						
							
															
						
					
									
				
										
						
						
													
					
										
						
						
						
							
															
						
					
										
						
						
					
									
			
			


						
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
				
		
				

The FSF is a charity with a worldwide mission to advance software freedom — 


Copyright © 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 .


Licensed under the , version 1.3 or later.



Powered by  and 









			
		
		






	

