

License:Scratch - Free Software Directory

















                
		
                




         
         
           
         

		
			
		          
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		     

		
		
		
			
			

			
				From Free Software Directory				
								
					Jump to:					, 					
				
				

Name

Scratch


URL




Comment




Copyright (c) 2009 Massachusetts Institute of Technology

All Rights Reserved.

Scratch was developed by Lifelong Kindergarten group at the MIT
Media Lab. See scratch.mit.edu.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of the Scratch source code and accompanying
documentation (the "Software"), to use, copy, modify, merge,
publish, or distribute the Software or software derived from
it ("Derivative Works") for non-commercial purposes, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

1. The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies of the Software and Derivative Works.

2. The word "Scratch" shall not be used to refer to Derivative
Works except in the phrase "Based on Scratch from the MIT Media
Lab" provided that such phrase is not used to promote the
Derivative Work or to imply that MIT endorses you or the
Derivative Work.

3. Derivative Works shall not use the Scratch logo or
the (copyrighted) default Scratch sprite cat used in the official
Scratch software distributed in binary form by the Lifelong
Kindergarten group at the MIT Media Lab.

4. Derivative Works shall not implement or enable any feature
that would allow uploading Scratch projects to any MIT Scratch
website (currently http://scratch.mit.edu).

5. The source code for any Derivative Work based on this software
shall be made readily available to the public, ideally on a
public web site, free of charge.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. 







				Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
				under the terms of the , Version 1.3 or
				any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
				Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.   is included in the page “”.

				The copyright and license notices on this page only apply to the
				text on this page.  Any software or copyright-licenses or other
				similar notices described in this text has its own copyright notice
				and license, which can usually be found in the distribution or license
				text itself. 

				
									
						Retrieved from ""					
				: 				
							
		
		
			
			
									
						
						
													
					
									
										
						
						
													
					
										
												
						
						
							
															
						
					
									
				
										
						
						
													
					
										
						
						
						
							
															
						
					
										
						
						
					
									
			
			


						
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
				
		
				

The FSF is a charity with a worldwide mission to advance software freedom — 


Copyright © 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 .


Licensed under the , version 1.3 or later.



Powered by  and 









			
		
		






	

