

License:Universal Permissive License - Free Software Directory

















                
		
                




         
         
           
         

		
			
		          
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		     

		
		
		
			
			

			
				From Free Software Directory				
								
					Jump to:					, 					
				
				

Name

The Universal Permissive License


URL




Comment




Copyright (c) <year> <copyright holders>

The Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0

Subject to the condition set forth below, permission is hereby
granted to any person obtaining a copy of this software,
associated documentation and/or data (collectively
the "Software"), free of charge and under any and all copyright
rights in the Software, and any and all patent rights owned or
freely licensable by each licensor hereunder covering either (i)
the unmodified Software as contributed to or provided by such
licensor, or (ii) the Larger Works (as defined below), to deal in
both 

(a) the Software, and

(b) any piece of software and/or hardware listed in the
lrgrwrks.txt file if one is included with the Software (each a
“Larger Work” to which the Software is contributed by such
licensors),

without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
copy, create derivative works of, display, perform, and
distribute the Software and make, use, sell, offer for sale,
import, export, have made, and have sold the Software and the
Larger Work(s), and to sublicense the foregoing rights on either
these or other terms.

This license is subject to the following condition:

The above copyright notice and either this complete permission
notice or at a minimum a reference to the UPL must be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software. 

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. 







				Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
				under the terms of the , Version 1.3 or
				any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
				Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.   is included in the page “”.

				The copyright and license notices on this page only apply to the
				text on this page.  Any software or copyright-licenses or other
				similar notices described in this text has its own copyright notice
				and license, which can usually be found in the distribution or license
				text itself. 

				
									
						Retrieved from ""					
				: 				
							
		
		
			
			
									
						
						
													
					
									
										
						
						
													
					
										
												
						
						
							
															
						
					
									
				
										
						
						
													
					
										
						
						
						
							
															
						
					
										
						
						
					
									
			
			


						
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
				
		
				

The FSF is a charity with a worldwide mission to advance software freedom — 


Copyright © 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 .


Licensed under the , version 1.3 or later.



Powered by  and 









			
		
		






	

